#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
adjusttext==0.8
    # via JAMIE (setup.py)
anndata==0.9.1
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   scanpy
brokenaxes==0.5.0
    # via JAMIE (setup.py)
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tqdm
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.12.2
    # via torch
fonttools==4.41.0
    # via matplotlib
h5py==3.9.0
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-resources==6.0.0
    # via matplotlib
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
joblib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   adjusttext
    #   brokenaxes
    #   scanpy
    #   seaborn
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
natsort==8.4.0
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   torch
numba==0.57.1
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   adjusttext
    #   anndata
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchvision
    #   umap-learn
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   matplotlib
    #   scanpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   anndata
    #   scanpy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   statsmodels
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
pynndescent==0.5.10
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
requests==2.31.0
    # via torchvision
scanpy==1.9.3
    # via JAMIE (setup.py)
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   umap-learn
scikit-learn-extra==0.3.0
    # via JAMIE (setup.py)
scipy==1.11.1
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   anndata
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   statsmodels
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   scanpy
session-info==1.0.0
    # via scanpy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via scanpy
stdlib-list==0.9.0
    # via session-info
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via JAMIE (setup.py)
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   umap-learn
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
umap-learn==0.5.3
    # via
    #   JAMIE (setup.py)
    #   scanpy
unioncom==0.4.0
    # via JAMIE (setup.py)
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-resources
